docs: reorganize executor administration and deployment guidance (#1818)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/agentic-batch-changes/index.mdx

- [Configure code host connections](/admin/code-hosts) for the repositories you want the agent to search and modify.
- [Configure Batch Changes credentials](/batch-changes/configuring-credentials) for each code host where the agent should publish pull requests or merge requests.

> - If you use self-hosted Sourcegraph, [deploy Sourcegraph executors](/self-hosted/executors) so Agentic Batch Changes can run code-modification jobs in isolated workspaces. [Sourcegraph Cloud](/cloud) includes Sourcegraph-managed executors by default, so Cloud customers using them do not need to deploy executor infrastructure.

Reviewer: You can be in Cloud and have self-hosted executors

```suggestion
- Ensure [Sourcegraph executors](/admin/executors) are set up so Agentic Batch Changes can run code-modification jobs in isolated workspaces. [Sourcegraph Cloud](/cloud) includes Sourcegraph-managed executors by default, so Cloud customers using them do not need to deploy executor infrastructure. Otherwise, you will need to [deploy Sourcegraph executors](/self-hosted/executors).
```
